Load the Chassis config from helm chart value (#26)
stratum/stratum-helm-charts: stratum/README.md

There are two options to provide chassis config. The order is described as follows:

### Option 1: Helm Chart value

Please refer to the chassis_config field in `values.yaml` to learn more how to configure the chassis_config.

> Chassis_Config is a key-value object and the key must be the `HOSTNAME`.

Reviewer: Should this be the container hostname or the k8s node name?

### Option 1: Helm Chart value

Please refer to the chassis_config field in `values.yaml` to learn more how to configure the chassis_config.

> Chassis_Config is a key-value object and the key must be the `Kubernetes HOSTNAME`, you can get it via `kubectl get nodes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chassis_Config is a key-value object and the key must be the **Kubernetes node name**. you can get it via `kubectl get nodes`.
```
